Keep inbox items after dropping them into a document (#1172)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/reference/project-config/content-types.md

}
```

### Keep Items on Drop

{{< added-in "release-2026-07" block >}}

> By default, items are removed from the inbox once they are dragged into the document content. Set the `inbox.keepItemsOnDrop` [project setting]({{< ref "/reference/project-config/settings" >}}) to `true` to keep items in the inbox after they are dropped, for example so an item can be placed multiple times.

Reviewer: Maybe write it rather like that: 

```suggestion
By default, items are removed from the inbox once they are dragged into the document content. Set the `inbox.keepItemsOnDrop` [project setting]({{< ref "/reference/project-config/settings" >}}) to `true` to keep items in the inbox after they are dropped, for example to place an item multiple times.
```
